docs/code/radarr.md, before:

---
tags:
  - RADARR
---

# Radarr

So I migrated from sqlite to postgresql today on my radarr4k container. It seemed to go pretty well! I'll just monitor it for a while I suppose.

[Here](https://wiki.servarr.com/radarr/postgres-setup) is the link to the setup/tutorial, I'll probably make my own as that assumes that you know more than you do IMO. I fiddle fucked with it for forever until I got it to work.

[This](https://github.com/Radarr/Radarr/issues/7387) issue has more info on how someone did some trouble shooting as well, if you have any questions about it.

A saltbox specific reference for the pgloader command is here:

=== ":octicons-file-code-16: `docker-run`"

    ```docker
    docker run --rm -v /opt/radarr4k/radarr.db:/radarr.db:ro --network=host ghcr.io/roxedus/pgloader --with "quote identifiers" --with "data only" /radarr.db "postgresql://radarr4k:password1234@postgres2/radarr4k-main"
    ```

=== ":octicons-file-code-16: `docker-run 2`"

    ```docker
    docker run --rm -v /opt/radarr4k/radarr.db:/radarr.db:ro --network=host ghcr.io/roxedus/pgloader --with "quote identifiers" --with "data only" --with "prefetch rows = 100" --with "batch size = 1MB"  /radarr.db "postgresql://radarr4k:password1234@postgres2/radarr4k-main"
    ```

Commit message:

docs/code/docker.md: Docker tutorial for Ubuntu 22.04 with installation & usage guidance.

docs/code/radarr.md, after:

---
tags:
  - RADARR
---

# Radarr

So I migrated from sqlite to postgresql today on my radarr4k container. It seemed to go pretty well! I'll just monitor it for a while I suppose.

[Here](https://wiki.servarr.com/radarr/postgres-setup) is the link to the setup/tutorial, I'll probably make my own as that assumes that you know more than you do IMO. I fiddle fucked with it for forever until I got it to work.

[This](https://github.com/Radarr/Radarr/issues/7387) issue has more info on how someone did some trouble shooting as well, if you have any questions about it.

A saltbox specific reference for the pgloader command is here:

=== ":octicons-file-code-16: ***Docker Run 1***"

    ```docker
    docker run --rm -v \
    /opt/radarr4k/radarr.db:/radarr.db:ro \
    --network=host ghcr.io/roxedus/pgloader \
    --with "quote identifiers" \
    --with "data only" \
    /radarr.db \
    "postgresql://radarr4k:password1234@postgres2/radarr4k-main" \
    ```

=== ":octicons-file-code-16: ***Docker Run 2***"

    ```docker
    docker run --rm -v \
    /opt/radarr4k/radarr.db:/radarr.db:ro \
    --network=host ghcr.io/roxedus/pgloader \
    --with "quote identifiers" \
    --with "data only" --with "prefetch rows = 100" \
    --with "batch size = 1MB"  \
    /radarr.db \
    "postgresql://radarr4k:password1234@postgres2/radarr4k-main" \
    ```

Ok, so I am just going to lay out some stuff that I've observed or found over time. Obviously, first on the list is postgres setup with Radarr. Since I figured out how to do it with their docs, I'll try to explain how I managed to get it done, seeing as I'm somewhat of a dipshit. So, first get yourself some radarr. Preferably with docker.
